angel Bot License 1.0
Copyright © yener5855 2023 echo community

Everyone is permitted to copy, use and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

1. Detection Bot License
The legal person or entity controlling the blockchain address listed as the “yener5855” of the Detection Bot (“yener5855”) hereby grants you a perpetual (subject to Sections 2 and 6), worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right to access and use the Detection Bot solely in connection with participating in the echo Network, including, without limitation, to run the Detection Bot on a node in the echo Network, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

The Developer hereby grants you a perpetual (subject to Sections 2 and 6), worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, sublicensable, right to access and use any alerts or other data generated by the Detection Bot (the “Detection Bot Results”), in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

This license shall apply to the Detection Bot so long as it is registered in the echo Network bot registry smart contract, currently found at the blockchain address 0x61447385B019187daa48e91c55c02AF1F1f3F863, as may be updated from time to time, and has sufficient FORT staked in the echo Network staking contract, currently found at 0xd28631...

2. Limitation of Liability
In no event will the Developer be liable for any damages, including but not limited to incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, arising out of the use or inability to use the Detection Bot or the Detection Bot Results, even if the Developer has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

3. Warranty Disclaimer
The Detection Bot and the Detection Bot Results are provided "as is" and "as available", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

4. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of antwerpen/belgie, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

5. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings, whether written or oral.

6. Termination
This Agreement may be terminated by the Developer at any time, without notice, if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

By using the Detection Bot or the Detection Bot Results, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.
